So true. That's our ultimate. That's our grasping. Those are the trouble tutors, according to them.
Those are the trouble tutors. That makes the trouble start.
All this is difficult to the troubles. It started with grasping, clinging, and attachment.
The attachment to all this is to have state. So now to practice dream yoga means we break through
that attachment.
We break through that grasping, that clinging, that regiment. See the reality as it is.
As it is. We're not portraying, we're trying to not make something different, but trying to see the
reality.
In fact, as it is. How to find it? What's it called? Fact-finding mission. We are in a fact-finding
mission.
That's why we are all practicing as a fact-finding mission. So we try to really find the facts and
then we like to stay there.
We don't like to change. Change that unique. You see, find the facts. That's why Buddha is one of
them.
The natural teacher, that's your simple nature. Nothing higher, nothing lower than that.
Not understanding, not our state. Simple, teach, natural as it is, Buddha pointed out.
We sentient beings, not staying on the natural. Because duality, grasping, clinging, we twisted
nature so many ways.
Then we caught in the tunnel, and those are then, as we used the example yesterday, cocoons.
Cocoons thread. All this grasping, clinging, no matter whatever we think, is thread that is tied up
our side.
So the dream you are practicing is coming back to the natural as it is.
So when we got to practice and fulfil that part of the good dream you are practicing in the night,
where we are sleeping,
we had to start right daytime, where we wake up, and we had to reaffirm everything is true.
We heard this teaching many times. We read in the books many times.
The reading books, hearing the teaching is not enough.
We have to practice that. We have to reaffirm that realization again and again.
Therefore, in the teaching set, this is during the day.
We have to take this is during the day. Truly this is during. When you are walking, talking,
sleeping, spending,
or any action we are doing, a week and a half once in a while is during the day.
Then we start practicing, during the hours.
My father used to put his feelings in the floor of the boat.
He put the letter. He read his own letter and put it on his cupboard.
He said, "This experience is all dream."
Really he put that right on there. So he can see that. All is dream.
This experience, this appearance is all dream.
He did that. It's not just he did, but in the teaching he said, "It's good to remind yourself again
and again."
If you will not practice in dream, it's good to remind. This is dream.
This is illuke. This is magic. This is variety. This is the bubble.
I mean, those are the reason Buddha used to wake our past, to highlight, to bring this reality.
Because duality is so solid, so clingy, and then we just change, and then we don't see.
But reality, really, it is dream. All is dream. All is illuke. All is magic.
And that is again, as we see. And we know now, at least so far, that we are going to understand.
It's just a really natural dream. And that we have to be assured again and again in a duality to
time.
And that is very important for Pacifica, also those who want to practice in dream, yoga.
Where we sleep, we don't practice. So here, with those thoughts, then of course, it will do.
And with those kind of understanding, then we practice the dream yoga.
When you come to the dream yoga practices, in the course, of course, you will see the instructions.
And this is the way that I've been teaching.
What I've learned from the many great masters, as all of them, also have this.
This is how we get started.
And now, of course, when you go to the pose, I will go with those, what I said already,
you have that thought strongly. But before you go to bed, that's how you hear it.
You sit, sit up on your bed.
In the teaching also said, sometimes you sit with these said postures.
Said postures don't stay in closed back, but sit with it.
I think in the Doki teaching last times, I've met it quite a few times.